In this essay on technology, we are going to discuss what technology is, what are its uses, and also what technology can do? 
First of all, technology refers to the use of technical and scientific knowledge to create, monitor, and design machinery. 
Also, technology helps in making other goods that aid mankind. Experts are debating on this topic for years. 
Also, the technology covered a long way to make human life easier but the negative aspect of it can’t be ignored. 
Over the years technological advancement has caused a severe rise in pollution. 
Also, pollution has become a major cause of many health issues. 
Besides, it has cut off people from society rather than connecting them. 
Above all, it has taken away many jobs from the workers class.
As they are completely different fields but they are interdependent on each other. 
Also, it is due to science contribution we can create new innovation and build new technological tools. 
Apart from that, the research conducted in laboratories contributes a lot to the development of technologies. 
On the other hand, technology extends the agenda of science.
Regularly evolving technology has become an important part of our lives. 
Also, newer technologies are taking the market by storm and the people are getting used to them in no time. 
Above all, technological advancement has led to the growth and development of nations.
Although technology is a good thing, everything has two sides. 
Technology also has two sides one is good and the other is bad.
With new technology the industrialization increases which give birth to many pollutions like air, water, soil, and noise. 
Also, they cause many health-related issues in animals, birds, and human beings.
New technology requires new resources for which the balance is disturbed. 
Eventually, this will lead to over-exploitation of natural resources which ultimately disturbs the balance of nature.
A single machine can replace many workers. 
Also, machines can do work at a constant pace for several hours or days without stopping. 
Due to this, many workers lost their job which ultimately increases unemployment.
Generally, we judge technology on the same scale but in reality, technology is divided into various types. 